
=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME
 
test-devices-package - test COM::DEV-ZERO::Devices::* classes

=head1 VERSION

Version v0.0.1
 
=head1 SYNOPSIS
 
test-devices-package [Options] PACKAGE_NAME [ACTION]
 
 Options:
   --cpe-passwd PASSWD     password to access the cpe
   --addr-use KEY          use ip aliased as KEY to connect
   --addr-set KEY=IP       define alias KEY for IP
                           (default: lan=192.168.1.1)
   --action-arg KEY=VALUE  define key/value pairs as argument
   --list-actions          list available actions
   
   -v, --verbose           increase the level of logging
   --log-error
   --log-warn
   --log-info
   --log-debug
   --log-trace             explicitly set level of logging
   
   -h, -?                  short help message
   --help                  brief help message
   --man                   full man page

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<test-devices-package> can test I<COM::DEV-ZERO::Devices::*> classes
during development.

Users will find information in L<"EXAMPLES"> to get started. New users
may benefit from the short tutorial which is not written yet :-P

=head1 EXAMPLES

Here are some more or less helpful examples for this nifty tool. be
patient for more use cases and examples.

  test-devices-package -h

This will produce a very nice help message. maybe i should use lorem
ipsum as placeholder.

  test-devices-package --help

oh boy! maybe you know what's coming now? This will produce a brief help
message. And it makes you even more angry because of more placeholder
full of lorem ipsum instead of documentation for this tool.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy
eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam
voluptua.

  test-devices-package --man

This will produce a very nice and very very long man page with tons of
placeholder. and of course: they are full of lorem ipsum.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy
eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et
accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no
sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

=head1 OPTIONS
 
=over 4

=item B<--cpe-passwd=PASSWD>

password to access the cpe

=item B<--addr-use=KEY>

use ip aliased as KEY to connect

=item B<--addr-set KEY=IP>

define alias KEY for IP (default: lan=192.168.1.1)

=item B<--action-arg KEY=VALUE>

define key/value pairs as argument for B<ACTION>

=item B<--list-actions>

list available actions

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

increase the level of logging currently being done. can be given
more than once to be more verbose

=item B<--log-error>, B<--log-warn>, B<--log-info>, B<--log-debug>, B<--log-trace>

set the level of logging currently being done. This options has
priority over B<--verbose>

=item B<-h>, B<-?>

Print a short help message and exits.
 
=item B<--help>
 
Print a brief help message and exits.
 
=item B<--man>
 
Prints the manual page and exits.
 
=back
 
=head1 DESCRIPTION
 
B<test-devices-package> handles testing of I<COM::DEV-ZERO::Devices::*> classes.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy
eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam
voluptua. 

Duis autem vel eum iriure dolor in hendrerit in vulputate velit esse
molestie consequat, vel illum dolore eu feugiat nulla facilisis at vero
eros et accumsan et iusto odio dignissim qui blandit praesent luptatum
zzril delenit augue duis dolore te feugait nulla facilisi.

Ut wisi enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tation ullamcorper
suscipit lobortis nisl ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

=head1 AUTHORS

Stephan Sachse, C<< <ste.sachse at gmail.com> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2017 Stephan Sachse. All rights reserved.

=cut
